we see
what we have explained in the article
this is a list
a cheronea. but a listbox
this analysis though
similar behaviors
as I said in the article we have the possibility to select a value
vel.
in some lists it is also possible to select several colors
example strip the banner
or
used range rovers I buy
select everything I want
obviously without holding down.
obviously
select the others
I can also look like Greece explained in the article surprising the
first value
hold uppercase and then
after the Second World War and me
I selected the trend
this
are the ways to select the colors in the lists
let's see the other controls we talked about the field and ibiza
who's this
it is very simple to be used because it is nothing more than a field where
there is a cursor
eh eh eh that I can move heart. I can also
meaning
there are also let's see if I find one
here it is
this recital field which has multiple course lines press button 4 in this case
and go adhesive on more than one line
other controls we talked about only
the two cool
of the evening combined
this is the classic example of a combined relationship with which the
practically heidi button
you see
with the boss is bisexual sorry
it is possible to edit
coherent with
a ball that does not reside within the list
so here I can avoid what I want in particular this is a
management software for zooplus bank management software
which practically allows you to enter phone numbers in this case
particular. 2011 program behind the nose control
province notes the standard control definition of control
allows to
to insert
values
even if they are not contained within the listbox that appears every time
I press this button with the down arrow
another type of combo box this time is a forced choice
in fact I can choose how I can't avoid you
but I can only choose inside
in the list
obviously however I can also look for a value for example if we want to go
to the sea I open
e commerce to give avoids
ebay - 26 automatically checks to search
the value
corresponding within the list
other than the two of us have spoken ita boh against those who are very simple
obviously it excuses but this powerful lumsa allows the point g
let's go see
obviously you see that
on a page
that is, in one
small window this way I can have many i'll take control
for story
check the same amount of very useful because it is a very good one
control container
equation selected also
now when you have focus it can also be selected with
the directional arrows
obviously when controlling the focus because this control is also a
window and here I do not know how I said in the article every window
ants
that is, only a window means the focus on
or useful links for decorations are
let's talk about him, the devil that article
in the version
it's practically the button
in this case this is a button and what I had said before
that you will go butterfly
that practically selected you always say selected
and what is the use of fire seems even in god
it's like I had minced meat on ok
to you who need to click here I think you all know how it works
how the buttons work